Humanity’s greatest advances are not in its discoveries. but in how those discoveries are applied to reduce inequity.
Create Systems and Ecosystems to Change the World
Change the world, or go home.
Be the platform.
Build a better system.
Build an ecosystem.
You’ve got to want to be in this incredible feedback loop where you get the world-class people to tell you what you’re doing wrong.
Information technology and business are becoming inextricably interwoven. I don’t think anybody can talk meaningfully about one without the talking about the other.
It’s pretty incredible to look back 30 years to when Microsoft was starting and realize how work has been transformed. We’re finally getting close to what I call the digital workstyle.
I believe that if you show people the problems and you show them the solutions they will be moved to act.
It’s fine to celebrate success but it is more important to heed the lessons of failure.
Technology is just a tool. In terms of getting the kids working together and motivating them
The first rule of any technology used in a business is that automation applied to an efficient operation will magnify the efficiency. 
The second is that automation applied to an inefficient operation will magnify the inefficiency.
The vision is really about empowering workers, 
giving them all the information about what’s going on so they can do a lot more than they’ve done in the past.
We are all created equal in the virtual world and we can use this equality to help address some of the sociological problems that society has yet to solve in the physical world.
One of the wonderful things about the information highway, is that virtual equity is far easier to achieve than real-world equity. 
As we look ahead into the next century, leaders will be those who empower others.
If you give people tools, and they use their natural ability and their curiosity, they will develop things in ways that will surprise you very much beyond what you might have expected.
If you show people the problems and you show people the solutions they will be moved to act.
In terms of doing things I take a fairly scientific approach to why things happen and how they happen.
Never before in history has innovation offered promise of so much to so many in so short a time.
Often you have to rely on intuition.
Success is a lousy teacher. It seduces smart people into thinking they can’t lose.
It’s fine to celebrate success but it is more important to heed the lessons of failure.
You’ve got to want to be in this incredible feedback loop where you get the world-class people to tell you what you’re doing wrong.
Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning.
Analytical software enables you to shift human resources from rote data collection to value-added customer service and support where the human touch makes a profound difference.
Capitalism is this wonderful thing that motivates people, it causes wonderful inventions to be done. But in this area of diseases of the world at large, it’s really let us down.
Every day we’re saying, ‘How can we keep this customer happy?’ How can we get ahead in innovation by doing this’, because if we don’t, somebody else will.
Great organizations demand a high level of commitment by the people involved.
I believe that if you show people the problems and you show them the solutions they will be moved to act.
I do think this next century, hopefully, will be about a more global view. Where you don’t just think, yes my country is doing well, but you think about the world at large.
I like being around smart people who are trying to figure out new things. 
I like the fact that if people really try they can figure out how to invent things that actually have an impact.
I really had a lot of dreams when I was a kid, and I think a great deal of that grew out of the fact that I had a chance to read a lot.
I think it`s fair to say that personal computers have become the most empowering tool we`ve ever created. They`re tools of communication, they`re tools of creativity, and they can be shaped by their user.
If GM had kept up with technology like the computer industry has, we would all be driving twenty-five dollars cars that got 1000 MPG.
If I’d had some set idea of a finish line, don’t you think I would have crossed it years ago?
If you can’t make it good, at least make it look good.
I’m a great believer that any tool that enhances communication has profound effects in terms of how people can learn from each other, and how they can achieve the kind of freedoms that they’re interested in.
In this business, by the time you realize you’re in trouble, it’s too late to save yourself. Unless you’re running scared all the time, you’re gone.
Information technology and business are becoming inextricably interwoven. I don’t think anybody can talk meaningfully about one without the talking about the other.
Instead of buying airplanes and playing around like some of our competitors, we’ve rolled almost everything back into the company.
Intellectual property has the shelf life of a banana.
It’s pretty incredible to look back 30 years to when Microsoft was starting and realize how work has been transformed. We’re finally getting close to what I call the digital workstyle.
Microsoft has had its success by doing low-cost products and constantly improving those products and we’ve really redefined the IT industry to be something that’s about a tool for individuals.
Never before in history has innovation offered promise of so much to so many in so short a time.
One of the wonderful things about the information highway is that virtual equity is far easier to achieve than real-world equity…We are all created equal in the virtual world and we can use this equality to help address some of the sociological problems that society has yet to solve in the physical world.
Our success has really been based on partnerships from the very beginning.
Patience is a key element of success.
Personal computing today is a rich ecosystem encompassing massive PC-based data centers. notebook and Tablet PCs. handheld devices. and smart cell phones. It has expanded from the desktop and the data center to wherever people need it — at their desks. in a meeting. on the road or even in the air.
Software is a great combination between artistry and engineering. When you finally get done and get to appreciate what you have done it is like a part of yourself that you`ve put together. I think a lot of the people here feel that way.